
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit the README.Rmd file -->

# Lab report \#1

Follow the instructions posted at
<https://ds202-at-isu.github.io/labs.html> for the lab assignment. The
work is meant to be finished during the lab time, but you have time
until Monday evening to polish things.

Include your answers in this document (Rmd file). Make sure that it
knits properly (into the md file). Upload both the Rmd and the md file
to your repository.

All submissions to the github repo will be automatically uploaded for
grading once the due date is passed. Submit a link to your repository on
Canvas (only one submission per team) to signal to the instructors that
you are done with your submission.

## Step 12.2

Alli Engels - I was able to do this step easily. Once I was able to copy
the link I got it into my Rstudio easily.

Sarah Yao - I originally created my own repo but then realized I had to
just use the team’s. Once I figured that out I completed this step
easily.

## Step 12.3

Alli Engels - I was only able to get the Read.rmd file to work correctly
not the Read.md like the directions used.

Sarah Yao - I was able to open my repo in RStudio using the link without
problems.

## Step 12.4

Alli Engels - I struggled her to find the correct place to send my
commits to and it took a minute to do it the correct way. I did not
realize at first I had to make sure to save my changes before trying to
commit them.

Sarah Yao - Originally, I couldn’t find the commit button, but after
exiting split-screen mode and opening RStudio in full-screen, I
successfully located the commit button.

## Step 12.5

Alli Engels - This step worked once I figured out the previous step.

Sarah Yao - I had the most trouble with this step. When pushing my
commit, I didn’t have a personal access token. I tried to create one,
but made the mistake of creating a “Fine-grained token” instead of a
“classic” token. Once I created my “classic” token, I was able to push.
I solve my issue by reading the hyperlink in step 12.5.

## Step 12.6

Alli Engels - This step took a few tries to see the inputs but I was
able to figure out how to see it in the remote github.

Sarah Yao - I saw my changes made on my browser! Works!
